Let's go!
All right. let's go!
When everyone stands up.
drop your backpack.
Where's Jane?
Daniel Kernner
Do you want to see her again?
Calm down.
Enjoy the show!
She must be checking the contents.
From July 23. 1948… 83
Until March 14. 1984
There are
a total of 107 128GB IronClad cards.
- Should we count them again?
- Not until we're all done.
Paper documents: approximately 200 pages
What era is it from?
I'll make the catalog later.
The oldest one dates back to 1947.
The most recent one appears to be from last year.
This is very unfortunate.
Where's Jane?
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
Watch out!
Who did he switch sides to?
Tell me everyone's names.
Then I'll call you a taxi.
It's right here
Where is it?
Put down your weapons!
Don't shoot!
If I shoot it.
it might start up.
Loosen Your Fist. Daniel
It works when you tighten it.
Let go.
You probably don't know how to use it.
I had watched how it was done
And I nearly died
Put that on the ground.
You all deserve what's coming to you.
Put the gun down. Serena
Don't tense your fingers.
Loosen your fist.
Loosen it...  Right.
Open your hand
Right.
Put everything back in the bag
and get in the car.
Get lost
I'm not
hiding behind the screen
and messing around with malware. you know.
The world is undergoing drastic changes
If we disclose everything.
it will only lead to dangerous chaos.
I looked at the interrogation transcript.
History cannot be reset.
It becomes irreversible.
That's the plan.
Void!
To the guy who's supposed to be sitting at his desk
How did they get the better of me?
Are you a traitor?
They aren't government agencies.
Their job is to lie.
Tell me what's going on.
The car is being tracked.
We have to disable it.
- Aren't you going to walk me home?
- They're lying in wait.
Hand me that case
The steering wheel
Hugo:  Got it.
Daniel! Good job!
They kidnapped Jane.
I found it!
Is she okay?
I wouldn't say so.  Hugo
Where should I send it?
Don't deliver it now—hide yourself…
Send someone over right away.
I need someone to help me carry this.
That's your job.
It's your turn.
I don't want to do it!
I took it out of the facility… and I did it.
When it comes to preserving the documents.
you're the best person for the job.
Are you out of your mind?
I'm not an agent.
I'm an engineer.
Trust me.  Everything's going according to plan.
Waiting for someone to start it up
When the time comes.
we should be able to work together.
Take Jane to a safe place
and hide out tonight.
I can't do it alone
It's better for her if you're not around.
You must have realized that wasn't the case!
Once you get to the hideout.
tell me where you are.
Santiago will be joining us in the morning.
Everything should be made available online
immediately
Whatever you do. don't do that.
I'm on standby right now.
Be careful.  Find a shelter.
Santiago will get in touch.
Destroy the device
Danny!
It's a disposable device.
Using a proprietary encrypted network.
it's a one-time. single-use code.
What kind of job do you actually have?
I have to find a shelter.
It's neither an apartment nor a motel
It's a place
I've never been to before.
I know a place nearby.
Wardex Headquarters
Occoquan. Virginia
Mazgrave of the Department of Defense is requesting a report
Call Wakefield right away.
Tell Mazgrave
that it was just a minor problem.
You should be the one to report it.
This would reveal their concerns
The military and intelligence agencies are going to swarm in within an hour.
Take care of it.
Is this in the news?
Not yet.
- What about social media and the internet?
- Nothing out of the ordinary
Twelve people are absent today.
All the desks are empty.
All of them hold a security clearance of G5 or higher.
In other words. this is
It was a carefully planned and executed operation.
Why? What's the point?
If they intended to spread the archive.
they would have done so long ago.
Someone is delaying the decision.
But how long will this last? Think fast.
Daniel Kernner
Holds a Ph.D. in cybersecurity
We have been protecting confidential data for eight years.
What do you know about him? What are your thoughts?
Can bypass the firewall
Enough of that. Let's think about our next move.
- Keep skip tracking enabled
- Have access to SYNTRAK
I use disposable ones
President
Hugo hasn't come to work.
My desk is empty. too.
Hugo
The second control unit disappeared
Where's number three?
The cooler is locked.
Will you really open it for me?
That's just how it's agreed upon
How do you know about this place?
The bishop finally wore sneakers.
I hated those shoes.
There was a terrible screeching sound. and
I felt so lonely. I love you so much.
I've been nothing but a burden to everyone all this time
You're still speaking your mind. aren't you?
- Has Teresa finished her training?
- She did a great job.
After I stop sneaking out at night...
The bishop entrusted
primary education at St. Anthony's to me.
You should know how to handle kids. right?
Hold this up to your eye
I won't ask any questions. I'm not interested.
But Jane is different.
No matter what you did. you should take responsibility.
So. don't drag Jane into this.
Just leave it here.
Was she a nun?
We've slept together—what are you suspicious about?
The fact that he didn't tell me everything
That's what they always say!
I couldn't talk about it because I had to keep it a secret.
But you...
So she was a nun!
Apprentice.
Why did you hide it?
Because I didn't want to be criticized
Since when?
It was three years ago.
I'll answer. but it's your turn first.
What did you steal?
That's the data they were supposed to protect.
Why would you do that?
People have the right to know the truth.
You stole it. didn't you?
What kind of truth is that. exactly?
I wanted to become a nun.
but you…
I've lost my calling.
How long have you been working for them?
Eight years ago…
After being released from prison.
Right away.
I served 19 months in prison.
In St. Petersburg. for cybercrime. you see...
On the day I was released from prison.
Wardex scouted me in the parking lot.
- Even though he has a criminal record?
- That's exactly why he has a criminal record.
It was my job to keep secrets.
I'm not against you guys.
Three months ago. I knew
much less than I do now.
I'm doing the right thing.
The data I stole—
they have no right to it.
Everyone should know the truth.
Just like air and light. it doesn't belong to Wardex.
Belongs to no one
What I stole was
It belongs to 8 billion people
It belongs to the whole world.
And now there’s no turning back for me
The only downside is
I've dragged you into this
Warm. humid air
is stagnating in this area
It collided with a cold front coming from the north
The warm air will be pushed up into the troposphere.
Causes large-scale condensation
If it rises sharply.
The sudden cooling will trigger
my favorite kind of precipitation.
It can't be helped. can it?
I'm sorry... I just can't stop.
Hail! Hail!
Weather Cha-Cha-Cha!
Don't bother Chacha—I love her so much!
- It might become a trend.
- You could make a fortune.
- I told you not to look.
- But it's the best!
Stop it.
Chacha is sexy.
- Are you going to keep going?
- Do you like it?
Yeah. really.
I can't be the only one.
I know this might sound a bit presumptuous. but...
Didn't the forecast turn out to be wrong?
To be honest……
I can't believe it's hailing!
Did you see what I sent?
What are you talking about?
It's an audition!
Sorry. I forgot.
Watch Now
Gunter recorded it.
The KCXE anchors
write their own scripts. so
I'm the one who wrote it.
Remember that. okay?
This is Margaret Fairchild from KCXE.
Here's the news from Kansas City
Concerns Over News from Pyongyang
ARG dissidents
Four new
military bases have been built on the east side of the Nakdong River
Nuclear weapons are deployed at two of them
At the same time. Russian television stations have been
repeatedly issuing threats against Seoul. and
It mentions
the troops that had gathered at the 38th Parallel
Up north.
Vice Marshal Park Myung-soo
is asserting his authority.
Good
Very good. Perfect.
Really?
Oh. that's great—it's perfect.
As always. this is amazing!
And I really
love the job you're doing now.
She's a successful weathercaster
She's KCXE's poster girl.
Should I call it “K-Sexy”?
You should move.
- Again?
- Yeah
I just put up new wallpaper.
and you want to go somewhere again?
- What are you aiming for?
- I don't know...
Be more ambitious.  Think bigger.
Weren't you in Dallas?
Weren't you ambitious?
Dallas just wasn't the right fit for me.
It wasn't the place for me.
So. where do you belong. Maggie?
You'll see when you get there.
I guess so.
Can't you just relax for a little while?
- It's nice to be here.
- I know.
I'm really on a roll right now.
I'm playing my own songs.
so I'm not going to DJ anymore.
On Wednesdays and Saturdays. I play
at McPhillies
Just because you pack your bags
doesn't mean all your problems will be solved.
Look
Get lost!
Get out!
What a cheeky bird!
Mag. are you okay?
He looks like he's not feeling well.
It's okay.  I'm feeling good.
What are you talking about?
Stop it
Stop it!
What was that?
What are you talking about?
Russian? Or Polish?
I don't get it. you.
We just talked about this. didn't we?
Since when have you been able to speak Russian?
Russian? I don't understand it.
I have to go.
There's a live broadcast at 7:23.
The schedule was moved up.
We'll talk about that later.
Now I can talk about it...
Don't you need a bag?
It's okay.
Can we talk later?
- I love you
- Me too
Oh no!
It's not my fault.
It's the song's fault.  I'm sorry.
Please turn off the engine.
The song was awesome. the weather was great.
and I got a little carried away singing while driving.
- Please show me your driver's license and vehicle registration.
Sure. of course.
Let's start with this. then.
Yes.  please.
Please take it out of your wallet.
It's an old photo.
Please get out of the car.
Is that necessary?
I can't be late for work.
In a situation where every minute and every second counts.
Someone knows.
The weather forecast can wait.
Get out of the car.
Officer...
Don't make me say that again.
You're having a rough day. aren't you?
What's that?
- She didn't really mean it.
- Who?
Anna. what she said this morning
wasn't what she really meant.
It just slipped out.
Taking care of a baby in the middle of the night is really hard.
Why are you…
I'd like a chocolate cupcake.
With sprinkles on top.
Let's eat lobster at Neptune tonight
and let the kids play with the claws.
She always makes me laugh—that's great.
I don't regret becoming a father either.
He's nothing compared to your father. Don't worry about it.
The card with the dancing angel
It's so lovely
I don't need an apology.
You don't have to do that.
Both she and you need a nap.
Is it okay if I go?
Thank you
What was that?
Amid rising global tensions
U.S. and Russian bombers took up their positions. and
We are ready to attack once the order is given.
A spokesperson for the Department of Defense
confirmed this.
The United States has raised its alert level
to DEFCON 2.
Colonel Susan Ramirez
solemnly declared
"We are now in the most dangerous period
since the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962." he said.
- You're late.
- I know. It's not my fault.
In our area.  many residents have evacuated
from the vicinity of the military camp……
Clay: I know.
I'm really impressed that you arrived just three minutes before the broadcast.
I have something urgent to do...
Do you know what's urgent?
It's staying on schedule.
Okay.  I'm sorry.
When Margaret Fairchild's
weather forecast is broadcast
It's a problem that you're not here.
Can I ask you something?
Let's do this while we're on the move.
- Here I go.
- My shoes...
This is an emergency.
Your time has been reduced to 90 seconds.
Next. we'll go to Shay's political segment.
and that wraps up the broadcast.
A police officer stopped me.  So...
Once I start talking.
the words just come out on their own…
- Give me a break
- He got the message
No. just forget about it.
If you want to host the weekend news program.
don’t ever do something like this again.
Who is that?
Visiting Professor at the Korea Research Institute
Mr. Park Dae-seong
- Why are you so upset?
- Is it because you're Korean that you're not watching it?
90 seconds ago
Margaret. over here!
Call the police and
We have to catch him...
Maria needs help.
Go right now.
He says that North Korea's actions
are understandable.
No.  My apologies.
Consistent  He said he was consistent.
"It's predictable." he said.
He isn't saying it's justified;
he's just saying it's business as usual.
This state of tension
follows a typical pattern.
He isn't condoning the attack.
It's important to emphasize that point.
I'm sorry.  That sounds a lot like what I said.
It's okay.
- Since when have you been able to speak Korean?
- What?
The show starts in 15 seconds.
A low-pressure system will pass through the city this afternoon.
Cold weather and heavy rain—there is also a chance of hail—please be careful.
5 seconds ago
Here is the
weather forecast by Margaret Fairchild
Here is
today's weather forecast
Mia. thank you.
Hello. everyone in Kansas City.
Well then. today's……
Let's check today's weather.
Turn it off
- Cut to
- Switch to Camera 3
Next!
There is
a problem with the map and forecast. and
The audio is also distorted.
We will make the necessary corrections as soon as possible
so that we can provide you with the weather forecast.
After the commercial break.
Do I need an umbrella? Do I need sunscreen?
I'll let you know.
Please wait a moment.
Please step back!
Damn it!
You're safe here.
Once I get out of this mess.
I'll definitely come back.
I'll definitely come pick you up
- Stop dawdling.
- I'm sorry.
Stay here—it's safer that way.
I hear it all the time:
"Danny. it's time to tell everything." they say.
And then you'll tell me everything
What are you waiting for?
Let's go.
What should we do next?
How long do I need to keep this?
Believe in Santiago
I know where to go
Get down!
It's Wardex.
They're here. They're looking for me.
How can I escape?
Santiago will take you to the hideout.
Let me know when you get there.
General Dobus
We have been reporting on this in real time
That's going above and beyond the call of duty.
Evaluate from all angles
It's the worst
security breach in history.
It's disastrous.
The Ministry of Defense can
deploy reservists
That's wrong.
Don't broaden the scope.
The FBI has 12.000 agents.
Use them
Let's avoid deploying large numbers of federal agents
who stand out without knowing the situation.
Don't do anything unnecessary.
If we need to storm the place.
I'll give the signal.
Excuse me
It's circulating online
This is
news footage from Kansas City. Missouri
There's been some movement.
Who is it?
I'm the
weathercaster for local station KCXE4
Margaret Fairchild. 38
From Cerritos. California
Unmarried. no children
Holds a degree in broadcasting studies
Is this language
in the archive?
Matches
- What should we do?
Find it before Hugo does.
- Who's in Kansas City?
- I'll do it.
Margaret  Here we go!
There will be loud noises during the examination.
If anything happens
I'll give you this button. so...
Please hold it—I'll stop.
With my eyes closed.
I'm going to keep talking to you. you know.
Got it?
Let's get started
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
Look
Look!
Are you okay?
It's just a deer.
- Those eyes...
It's just like…
He looks like he's scared.
But in reality. it's different.
Although he seems friendly.
As soon as I take out my camera.
they run away.
Now. Danny
Tell me what's going on.
You probably wouldn't believe me even if I told you.
So I'll show you.
The MRI is normal. No signs of stroke or tumor.
There are no new growths or areas of necrosis.
Can't you find anything?
Please rest assured
So what's going on with me?
I just don't get it.
- Have you been feeling stressed lately?
- No
It's there today. but it wasn't there before.
Did your father have Parkinson's disease?
So that's what caused it...
Not necessarily...
At what age did it start?
Was I 46 or 47?
He was a teenager when he died.
Is anyone watching?
Who is it?
Hey. FBI!
When it's over.
I hear she wants to ask a question.
Are you with the FBI? Really?
He showed me his badge
It's not the FBI
Mr. Fairchild
You are…
Do you have any idea
what might have caused your childhood trauma?
I don't remember—I was 10 at the time.
Do you have
nightmares about that?
- No
- I've been watching the whole time
Butterflies. Hansel. and Gretel—
I keep having the same dream
Plus. in my sleep.
I sing children's songs.
That's a lie.  I didn't do anything like that.
Singing
Excuse me
I'm planning to spill the beans
on something I never told anyone
We hardly talked at all—I forgot.
To a complete stranger—
to talk about what I say in my sleep—
I'm a doctor. so just tell me everything honestly.
Why is the FBI here?
Kerner
Daniel Kernner
Does anyone know?
Who is Dr. Coleman? Who is Kerner?
That's the man they want to kill.
Pretending to take you to the bathroom—
Do you want to go?
Acting up. Jackson! Come on!
- Take them to the bathroom
- I have to go
Can we talk for a bit?
Can you speak it?
Calm down a little.
What are you doing?
Go change your clothes. We have to get out of here.
Let's go!  Hurry up!
Sorry!
Why are you running away?
What's wrong?
The problem is that
you won't cooperate.
I can't believe it.
- What? What did I do?
- You should know exactly what I mean.
Take off your shoes
Are you okay?
Wardex?
We're working behind the scenes
on development and extraction
What?
"Homestead Air Force Base"
Homestead Air Force Base
Florida. 1973
Who is with Nixon?
A TV star from the 1950s
Nixon wanted to show off
"Mortuary"
Are you a kid?
No way
A human?
No
Are they dolls?
What lies ahead is too painful to watch.
After Hugo showed it to me.
I ended up getting involved.
Interrogation on the VIVO 10
Stop the sedatives.
I want to measure cortisol levels.
Stop it.
I want to measure my cortisol levels.
My head moves too much.  Secure it.
Collect fixed cerebrospinal fluid
Insert the needle 18 cm.
Administer propofol to a patient in distress
No. I can't have anesthesia.
So what exactly did I lose?
Insert the needle.
There are others as well
For 79 years
I've got it all
Hugo is
the only person who has come into contact with him.
He knew how to use it.
Load the Kernel profile
Give me the device.
If the systolic blood pressure drops below 9.
stop the treatment.
Be Aware of
Arrhythmias and
Subdural Hematomas
It's okay.
What happened?
I was concentrating.
The moment I let my guard down. I saw Kerner…
A powerful blow brought down the white curtain.
and I couldn't breathe.
Is he a “survivor”?
Thwarted Infiltration
I never would have thought... You must have known.
That guy is one of Hugo's friends.
There's so much I don't know
In any case. there's no going back.
Load her profile
The alien spacecraft recovery program and
It's a story
about interrogating
non-human life forms.
Retrospective Analysis and
Exploitation of Technology
Everything
Wardex  Ministry of Defense
And the defense industry is leading the way
This is an unprecedented
level of classification in U.S. history
It has been in operation since the 1970s
without using public funds
They're keeping too much from taxpayers. and
Alien technology is profitable. so
we can't go public with it.
Especially since the Nixon incident. anyway...
The president will return to the private sector after eight years.
"So there's no need to know."
Until I saw that video.
I was an accomplice.
I have to finish this.
Right now
What are you planning to do?
Reveal Everything
All over the world
All at once
Have you thought about the consequences?
Everything's going to change.
It's not up to me to decide.
It is up to us to decide
whether people should know or not.
The right to know takes precedence over the results.
Is that up to you?
Is Wardex a good choice?
They already have a monopoly.
This fundamental truth about the universe
You shouldn't do that.
Think carefully
People see gods there
and stop believing in God
You left the church
It's not that I've lost my faith.
I’m no longer sure
whether God is a divine being. but
I deeply believe
that God is an indispensable presence.
God is the key to our identity
and the foundation of civilized society. after all
We have been taught
to believe in a supreme being
You are trying to show
the true. supreme being
People just can't stand it.
No. I can handle it.
No way—that's absolutely impossible!
History should prove it
And now
With the world on the brink of explosion.
There's going to be panic and chaos.
O God. save us!
Hugo is waiting for my call.
It's out of range.
Try it out on the other side of the hill
Open it!
Jackson: Hurry up!
Sorry.
I'm sorry
If I answer in French.
I'll turn right back around.
I've been wanting to meet you for a long time.
Mr. Fairchild
Who are you?
A friend
If my guess is correct.
Margaret
You should be able to tell if I'm lying
I don't know who you are.
I don't know what's going on.
There aren't many people
who can stay this calm.
- I'm not being calm at all.
- Who is this?
Scary... I'm scared to death.
You're just a passenger
Because you're on a journey
We'll make sure it gets there safely.
- How?
- Is it the FBI?
We'll protect you
I waited for your weather forecast
before getting in touch
Were you waiting?
What do you mean?
Do I need a lawyer?
Who is calling from 873-2626?
If you know that number.
you must have already figured it out.
Is that Kern?
Listen carefully.
Please don't go back home.
If you have even the slightest idea where to go.
head in that direction.
Now that we've been able to get in touch with you.
The others should find them soon. too.
It's too late. They've already found it.
Hang up the phone
and destroy the device.
How are you going to find me?
You should be able to find it.
Hurry up.
Go down and stomp on it.
Hurry!
I'm very calm.
I'm trying to accept everything. but...
That phone costs a whopping $600!
It's not broken yet.  I missed it.
Keep going until you hear a sound
No way... I missed again.
Forward  Faster
Keep going!
- I'm off.
- Where are you going?
North
- Why?
- Because Kern is here.
Who is that guy?
An ex-boyfriend I've never spoken to?
I don't know.
I don't know who it is.
All I know is that he's up north.
What's that sound?
That's the hail you predicted.
Want to dance?
After setting off.
It's the 2626 Kerner.
Please watch the video I sent you.
Okay. Don't cut it.
What's the big deal about this?
She is the one we've been waiting for.
Her?
Why?
Didn't you hear me?
Oh. I heard that.
Then why are you asking that?
"Don't be afraid of the unknown."
Is that all you said?
Did she say that?
Didn't you hear me?
Everyone must have heard it.
But I couldn't understand it.
It wasn't in English. after all.
There's no way that's true.
What I'm listening to right now
Head to Kansas City.
It's her hometown. I've arranged for a car.
- Avoid traveling during the day
- Wait—can't you hear me?
- Don't use toll roads
- Listen to me!
Other people saw it too
Stay connected with me!
You should know the motel's key and address
Santiago is coming to pick me up tomorrow.
Something will happen before then.
Hugo: I'm scared.
There were two of them. Daniel.
From the very beginning. it was just the two of you.
Good morning. Jane
Just do it
Sit down
Where are you now. Jane?
What's the address?
- I don't get it.
- Calm down.
- Who are you?
- I'm the one asking the questions.
Are you still with Kerner?
Outside
Where were you last night?
Blood pressure is on the high side but stable: 150 over 90
Oxygen saturation is normal.  Serum sodium levels are rising.
- Potassium levels are at the limit
- Prepare an IV
Where were you last night?
O Abbey of St. Clare at Dawn
St. Clare's Abbey. perhaps?
I see.
As for Saint Clare.
I’ve heard about her in catechism class.
Although he was unable to attend Mass due to illness.
he reportedly had a vision.
Just like me.
he was in two places at once.
Check out St. Clare's Abbey
21 kilometers southeast of DC
When you left.
which direction did you head in?
I don't know.
Had the sun risen yet?
Yeah
Was it in front or behind?
It was on the right.
I hate you
You don't have to be liked
Is the sun on the right?
If the sun is on your right. you're heading north or northwest.
Route 27. Route 18. or the highway?
It's unlikely to be the highway—it must be a side road.
Did you see the sign?
What did it say?
190 kilometers to Silver Springs
Silver Springs Sign  190 kilometers?
There are about six towns along Route 26.
Silver Hollow  Oak Shade
Ironmia  Stonemont
More details
What else did you see?
- River
- So you crossed the river. didn't you?
Was there a sign after that?
- Yeah
- What did it say?
Sykesville
It's Sykesville.
We've narrowed it down. Track it down and bring it to a close.
Charlie 27  Back to Top
Only 6.5 kilometers to go
Stay within the speed limit.
How far did you drive
before you turned?
Just a few minutes. okay?
Right or left?
Right
What's the name of the street?
I don't know
Tell me about its features.
It was an unpaved road.
Is it an unpaved road?
Ash Hollow Road. 6 kilometers from Sykesville
It's a dead end.
There's a farm at the end of the road.
I found it
It's Ash Hollow Road.
Our destination is a farm.
Good job. Jane
I've contributed to the country.
I have one last favor to ask
If we can't find Daniel
and he gets away again.
We have to stop him.
Any means are acceptable
My blood pressure dropped to 80 over 60.
Heart rate 59. oxygen saturation 93—it's dropping to 91.
Blood pressure has stabilized.
Oxygen saturation is still dropping.  Let's increase ventilation.
80.  Let's keep going!
Stop it!
What Daniel is trying to do
is wrong.
Way too dangerous
It will lead to the collapse
of a world that is already unstable
Can we stop him if necessary?
No
"Father.
If it is possible.
please take this cup away from me.
"But not my will.
but Yours be done."
What did Christ say next?
"By my will.
you shall accomplish your brave deeds."
When the time comes
I'm right here
And then take action. Jane
For Daniel  and for humanity
Look around
Slowly
From left to right
Stop there
Stand up
Go ahead
Pick up the big knife.
Call me!
Give it to me!
Give it to me quickly
- Wait
- Hurry up!
Just throw it out the window.
Hugo   Why am I the only one...
- Daniel Kern
- Ugh. not him again.
They know where we are.
Do you get it?
Who are you?
Don't go home.
Scanlon has taken over Jane.
Do you get what that means?
They found us.
I don't know who you are. and I don't know who they are.
They're going to kill you.
Be killed
Give me back my phone!
Give it back!
I'm sick and tired of your nonsense.
What am I doing?
Stop!
That's him!
Aim for the Tires
What am I doing?
Get out.
Get out of the car.
Buckle up!
He's having a seizure.
Watch your head.
- Let me sleep
- I'm going to bite my tongue
Get down!
Jane: It's not you.
Hey. Scanlon!
Give me the command!
I'm going to flip it over at 3.
What happened?
Go get it!
I have some gloves I'm going to take.
Look behind you.
What do you see?
Dust. oh dust
Just dust
They're coming!
Hurry!
Wait
What are you doing?
- Put it in drive!
It fell!
In the water
Call a diver
They think the world
has come to an end.
I can't afford to dawdle.
Kerner will be here soon.
We have to head north.
I have to get back to the hospital.
This isn't something that can be treated.
Do you
know what your problem is?
Do you think there's something wrong with me?
Look at me
If I go.  you'll stay behind
I want you to go.
but you're staying here.
Hey. about what's been happening to me...
It's not like I'm the one making it happen.
It's as if I've become a passenger.
It's not a bad thing.
If anything. it's actually really positive.
Just like your music
You know. when you're in the zone
And myself…
I'm in the zone.
Once you figure out where you belong.
you promised you'd tell me. right?
That's exactly how it is right now.
Right now. I'm where I belong.
We should head north
Is it because Kern is there?
I'm sorry.  That's not right.
He's in the east.
- It's east right now. isn't it?
- How do you know?
It's just a hunch.
But he's somewhere in the East.
Where?
Should I take over the wheel?
Go buy some water
Hey
I have a favor to ask...
Dr. Coleman?
Thank you for answering the phone.
I don't know. She ran away...
It's getting worse and worse
Yeah. thanks.
Please don't cut it.
Excuse me.
Do you know the address of this place?
Decatur. 37 Pearl Street
We look forward to seeing you.  Thank you.
Tiger
Mart
Sorry!
I love you. but
I was told to tell you that I'm heading east.
Why Kansas City?
The important thing is to be there tomorrow.
Hugo: I...
My memory is starting to come back
What kind of memory is that?
Animals
A compassionate yet terrifying animal
is staring at me
Can't you take your eyes off it?
Yeah. we have to put them first.
Is it a memory? Or a dream?
I don't know
Daniel
It wasn't you
who got them to hire me. was it?
It's not just this mission—
it's also about getting hired at Wardex.
Oh. that's right.
Was there a reason?
The exact reason they hired me was
Besides your extraordinary talent with numbers? There is.
Have you been hiding that all this time?
It's because I care about you.
You have a mission to fulfill.
We must not let anything get in the way.
A Part of My Life
Memories of my childhood
There are things
I should know but don't.
It just disappeared.
It's really scary
There's no need to be afraid
I'm here.
There's someone else here. too.
When the time comes. everything will become clear.
Tomorrow morning.  I absolutely have to
go somewhere.
Tomorrow will be
a day completely different from any other.
Where should I go?
KCXE?
What is that?
Do me a favor
First. take a look at this
Do you understand what she's saying?
I can hear it. but it's so disjointed
I can't make head or tail of it.
That's the first time I've heard of it.
I understand
It's in English.
Or rather. it's math.
It gets converted into words in my head.
When you look at this. it sounds like this
Danny. I have a favor to ask.
You have to doubt me
I've got him!
They're there
They're here!
- The bag!
- Go ahead
- Hurry up
- That's all there is
But you're coming. right?
Break down the door!
Take that with you.
Please.
don't touch the contents.
Get down!
They're finished.
I don't have a girlfriend.
Where's the command?
I took a wrong turn. Daniel.
Let's talk later about
how much damage this has caused me.
But  I finally got it
The archive is safe.
Now then.  tell me the names of
all your allies within Wardex.
It's also unclear what Hugo is up to.
But before that.
Take that gear off
Tell me
what you did with the command.
Is it okay to drive that fast?
You are Detective Thomas Farley
That's registration number 389 339 8887. right?
What's today's code?
Kentucky-Philly
Is that Agent Grady?
Mr. Scanlon is waiting
Follow me
It's you.
Margaret Fairchild
Jocelyn
Let her go!
Don't interfere
I know that.
I know that. too.
The two of them appear
Don't let them leave the base
Turn back!
I waited too long to tell you.
It's too late now.
But  even though I loved him
as if he were my own child
Let's go to the lake on Friday.
Together with Grandpa and Grandma.
Uncle Howard. Bobby. and Teresa
Let's all...
- How do you know them?
- I don't know them.
But I was talking to him
What's going on?
Hop in!
What did you see?
That's my wife.
Oh my...
Who is she?
I have to stop her
- Where are you going?
- To Kansas City.
Why?
I have to do that
- You don't have to go that fast...
- No. you can't.
- I'm having fun!
- Well... I guess I'm just in a good mood.
But you know that. right?
Lately. I've been driving really recklessly
- How do you know that?
- I just know.
Strange things have been happening lately.
and I've come to understand a lot of things.
Even things I don't want to know—
and the opposite. too.
So I decided to just let go
That's amazing. Were you in prison?
That must have been tough...
Hey. this feels weird.
When I look at someone.
I suddenly find myself inside them.
For a few seconds.
I become that person.
What they went through
It looks as if it's happening to me
For example. let's say your shoulder hurts.
You'll probably scream...
Look ahead!
I get it! You're thinking about Jane. aren't you?
She's supposed to be at the convent...
- That's right.
- Jane
Yesterday
While driving with Jackson
Even though I wasn't looking at you.
a flashback of you popped into my mind.
It was really intense.
Even though I wasn't even looking at you.
This is the first time this has ever happened to me.
I can't believe it.
Since when?
Since yesterday. ever since that bird...
- A bird?
- A bird flew into the house.
It was so beautiful that I couldn't take my eyes off it.
Is that a cardinal (Japanese redstart)?
Hey!
Don't scare me.
When I was 20. at college……
I hadn't studied much
But he did have talent.
Oh... but drugs at a party...
Ketamine? Are you serious?
- Could you please stop?
- I'm sorry.
When I was 20. at college
At night. when I was in bed
I had a dream that someone was watching me
When I woke up. there was a bird...
- Is it a cardinal?
……He was watching me from outside the window
And then everything changed
The Background and Patterns of Things  Distortions
I could see everything now
Matrices and Equations
Just like the already solved "If P. then Q"
Exactly!
I solved it without even thinking.
So you were
reading binary code fluently. weren't you?
- How do you know that?
- It's something you know yourself.
You didn't like that.
I thought I was cursed
I became isolated and lost all my friends.
I couldn't connect with anyone anymore
Before I met Jane
"Don't be afraid of the unknown."
- What's that?
I heard that on TV.
No one understood
- I get it.
- What happened to us?
Who is it?
Void. stop it!
Get out!
No way. I'm slamming on the brakes.
I'm backing you up!  Go for it!
I can't reach the ladder!
Jump!
Jump now!
I can't breathe
I can't... breathe
It's okay.
It's a panic attack.
Oh God. my hands...
- I know that.
- Just like Dad.
Dad's hands were shaking. too.
It's Parkinson's disease.
- No.  That's not it.
- No.
Just like Dad was shaking
Even though I’d been avoiding him.
I didn’t want to be near my father.
Stop it already!
Stop it already.
Just end it already.
I'm losing myself.
Stop it!  Be quiet!
Give me a hand.
- Look at me
- No. I don't want to see anything
Breathe through your nose
Yeah. keep it up.
I have no feeling in my hands
Reach out
Put it here
Can you feel it?
I'm here.
I'm with you.
It's over.
It's okay.
Thank you
Kerner called from Mount Leonard.
If I go with Santiago and the others.
we'll get there in two hours.
Everyone. step away from the set.
Right now!  Please!
Good morning. Hugo
Noah. please stop.
That's why diving there is dangerous.
It's not a magic wand
It's a weapon.
But  it has features
that are far more advanced than the ones you use
Kerner is an “experiencer.”
Right?
I couldn't penetrate his innermost being
That's right.
And In Vivo is
I ordered you to recruit him
It's not what you think it is.
If that's their plan.
it's for their own benefit—not for ours.
What a twisted worldview.
- Don't talk down to me
- I'm listening. Noah
That's what I learned.
- From your friends?
- Who?
They view empathy
as an evolutionary advantage.
As the greatest evolutionary advantage.
Actually
It is the very essence of life.
Rejecting that concept
is leading us to extinction
The reason you let him get away
was because of your sentimentality.
Was that five years ago?
It's you. isn't it?
Leaving aside such reckless behavior...
How on earth did you manage
to keep deceiving me for five whole years?
Every Day
Everyday Conversations
Was it all a lie?
When exactly
did you lose sight of who you are?
It was around the same time as you.
When You Lost Her
With her death. you ceased to exist for me.
You've really shut yourself off. haven't you?
- Even though you don't know anything about me.
I stopped talking to anyone.
Even to myself.
I’ve come to be interested only in them
Even though I can never understand that person.
I'm sure I'll figure it out someday.
In Vivo 17 isn't human. but it's closer to God than you or I are.
There's no need to be afraid of them.
What I fear is us.
The purpose of Wodex is
I am convinced
that humanity cannot bear to know the truth
That truth
will overturn the world order
The archive that Kerner stole
is a virus.
The world has
absolutely no immunity to it!
I have upheld this for 35 years
Your profit and power—
What else is there?
Noah!
We all have the desire to believe
and the desire to be believed.
You trampled on
the very principle of evidence itself.
They treated everyone
who tried to understand them like children
He
ruthlessly suppressed their doubts.
We silenced them.
mocked them. and humiliated them.
I was knocked unconscious.
Just for committing a crime...
We do not believe in those who believe.
and we also prevent others from believing.
But people keep asking
Facing the unknown
and sharing our experiences
They're hungry for the truth.
79 years
Fear has been
controlled by lies and cover-ups
I have to finish this.
- Are you ready for the demonstration?
- Get out!
- I'm sorry...
- Get out of here right now!
Show me the 12 people who weren't here yesterday.
I need the
right people around him.
- That's her.
- Grace Chao. neurologist
- It's him.
- Nathan Twinning. Hugh's right-hand man
Connecting to your mobile carrier
Please wait a moment
Last night. they had turned off their cell phones...
This is the spot.
If their trajectory is predicted. the AI can pinpoint their location within 400 meters.
Sister Maura
My Sisters
Where are you. Jane?
Does God love us?
I know you love me
But does He love only us?
In Genesis.  we are
said to be the greatest of all creations.
But is that even possible?
On Earth
What?
As written in Genesis
The phrase "the supreme creation on Earth"
Is it possible that there are others?
There is
I think so. too.
Why did God create
such a vast universe?
If it's not just for us...
If we knew we weren't alone
If someone were to point that out...
If I prove it to you.
Are you scared?
No!
That's how it should be.
But  if everything were to come crashing down...
What happens to those who have faith?
My Dear Jane
If you have faith in God.
I don't think I've ever doubted it.
You have lost your faith in humanity.
Since it's their cell phone.
"Pay your phone bill."
- I'm sitting at my computer right now.
- Yeah.
What is KCXE?
What do those four letters—KCXE—stand for?
What do these four letters—KCXE—stand for?
Do you remember when you were a kid?
Yeah
Do you know anything about what happens after age 10?
Could you tell me anything
about when I was little?
It's just a fox.
Stop it!
I know them
I'm going to check
to see if anyone else is here.
It's okay
Let's go up
All right. let's go!
It's a firefighter's perk.
Everyone makes way for me
I was convinced it would work out
- Thank you
- I've never doubted you
Hello. Margaret
Do you know who I am?
You are Hugo
Nathan
Chloe
Malik
Jordan  Letitia
Grace
Hello. Terry
Kaitlin and Everett
I think it's a pretty faithful recreation.
Margaret
Why won't you look at me?
It's because you're human
and you know everything.
I'm not ready to know everything
For example
Why is my parents' house
right in front of me. and so on
What's going on?
Why are they doing this?
This is where I grew up
It's my life itself.
My Own Life
What I want.  who I am—
that’s what matters.
Not as someone else or their shadow.
but as myself
I don't want to be the object of someone's faith.
My Room
Why did they build something like this?
It's to make a path.
To let you relive your experience
In a familiar environment. you know...
What kind of experience?
That experience
I shared with Margaret
I'm never coming back.
What do you remember?
Not a single thing
I don't need memories.
Please don't forget...
Wait
Everything that happened on February 23. 1996.
is locked away deep in your memory
- I don't want to know
- It's something I can't avoid if I want to understand
No!
To discover the meaning of my life
Don't force me
I can't just stand by and watch anymore
I'm sure I turned him down.
You have what it takes.
But  I can't control it
You don't know the meaning of your life.
In the future. what
that position will require of you
The only way to find out is
It's time to go back to the starting point.
I'm going back to your place.
If you do that.  Margaret
You'll understand everything.
More than anyone else in human history
They bestowed this ability upon you.
Margaret
What lay dormant within you
I was finally awakened
Inside You  15 Years Ago
Thanks to them.  you can
speak the language of the Book of the Universe
Math. huh?
They drilled it into you and made sure you understood it.
And you  let their language
seep into you
To Understand Us
It's just the two of us.
From the very beginning
It's just the two of you
...or to guide
It is also possible to be guided
That will help you find the answer you're looking for
It will serve as a tool of the will.
But... I have to
let go of everything completely
Will that help me understand what's going on?
What?
Everything will work out
I promise
No matter what happens
Don't let go
One last time.
take a look around
You. at age 10.
are sleeping in bed
Something woke you up.
What did you do?
I sang a song.
Inside the castle.
I set off happily
Experience Joy
We're waiting
The birds will sing
visible
Right there
Come into the room
Don't follow it.
That's not an animal.
Don't follow me
It's not an animal!
It's okay
It’s just that they take the form of animals
to put us at ease.
When I walked through the window
It was like a curtain of warm water.
And then the snow
It was very warm.
The ground beneath my feet is
The house is
Hansel and Gretel
Take my hand
Hello. Yugo
I'm so happy we finally got to meet.
Found
- Where are you?
- I'm sure I'm everywhere.
Hand that over
Before you know it...
Heat Source Detection Reveals 43 Silhouettes Inside
The area is almost deserted.
Let's just get this over with.
Don't move.  And don't make any noise.
We Can't See
Hand that over
This is not normal.
We Can't See
But... I've been detected.
Let's leave right now.
It won't last long.  Hurry up.
They can't see it.
Let's go!
Quietly. through the back door
Quietly  walking through the alley
Quietly
Nobody move!
That's it. Look.
I can't hold on anymore.  Faster!
Let's head to the track!
I'm just so tired...
Chasing the Light
Drifting Apart
That's the spot.  Head for the light.
It's light.
Wait a little longer. Hang in there.
Which one should I go after?
Where did they go?
Emergency measures have been declared across Europe
Involving the closure of all borders
I know.
A second faction in North Korea
has seized control of four military bases
The four bases
Where's Clay?
BBC's Taran Davis
has connections to North Korea's state-run news agency
To the state-run news agency. right?
You were there. weren't you?
Isn't this a hospital?
Duncan was very smart.
I can't say it out loud.
but he needs you.
Once I'm seated.
I'll make an emergency announcement.
- What about the Deputy Coordination Office?
- What about the rationed goods?
Daniel and Hugo.
Can you help me out?
Of course.
I'm a little confused. but please follow me.
Haley
For distribution items.
please follow the second set of instructions on the right.
What's going on?
Margaret takes her seat.
Help me.
Deputy Coordination Office
Why would you do something like this?
Come on up to the next floor.
I called the police.
Maria and I
are staying at my sister's house
You're okay.
That's a relief.
Thank you
You're welcome
What about makeup?
What's going on?
It's a commercial break.
- This is an emergency broadcast.
- Who is this man?
Load the video.
Following his instructions
Upload everything to the server
What about that coffee?
Who's sending it?
- I'll do it.
- I've prepared it. and it's quite a large file.
Which channel? Can you tell me?
Channels W. X. Y. and Z
Use All
It's raw data. It needs to be mixed.
It's a completely live stream with no delay.
No cuts whatsoever
Keep playing
It's bound to be all over the news.
How do we
broadcast via a nationwide network?
It takes priority over World War III.
That's right.
Shay  stood up
- What?
- Margaret is making an emergency announcement.
Make room for me. Shay
Thank you
Did you change your hairstyle?
Just a little bit.
How have you been? How are you feeling?
Start
Okay
Split into two groups
Turn off the power
Alpha Team
Storms the substation
It's the second block across the street.
Let's go.
Bravo Team
Bravo  Click here
Behind the building.
find the generator.
Things are going well.
All set!
Don't move.
In 5 seconds.
the system will switch to backup power.
Here we go—let's get started!
Right away
Decrypting the IronClad drive
Copying content from the IronClad drive
100%  Ready
- Margaret: Can you hear me?
- Yes: Cooper
- Airs in 10 seconds
- Thank you
That's it.
Turn off the power.
Don't make eye contact.
Take her out.
Wait
Tell the truth.
The power came back on
Aren't you going to stop it?
You're not going to stop. are you?
All right. Cooper.
Tell New York
"Look." he said
Call me.
If things keep going like this. it'll never make it past the local level.
I have to let them know
New York Broadcast Studio
This is KCXE4. Kansas City
Via Skypath
Check out our video right away
Put Kansas City in the preview
Be quiet.  Shut up.
Watch the preview video.
Who is that?
Why are they filming that?
Switch to number 3.
Good evening
This is Margaret Fairchild.
We’re bringing you a special program.
Since 1973. a
non-governmental organization called Wardex has
We have been
gathering and concealing information
regarding visits by extraterrestrial life forms
Furthermore. Wardex
colluded with government agencies and used them for personal gain
And they replicated. manufactured. and misused
the technology obtained from those recovered wreckage pieces
In some cases
They conducted the interrogation.
has been abusing
Regarding the non-humans we have captured
Yesterday. I met with a group of courageous people.
These are people who have
made a career out of covering things up.
But  the truth belongs to all of you.
This is for you all
We all have the right to watch
And you have the right to know
Today. everything will be revealed.
Viper 1. tracking an unknown contact at
bearing 270. altitude 25
Viper 2... Where did it go?
No response. No Level 3 mode either.
Rapid Acceleration: Goals 1-3-5-41
Goal 1-3-5-41
Coordinate Lock Complete; Target Separated
Coordinate Lock Complete
Currently. seven IBU surfaces have been identified
Traveling at supersonic speeds underwater
Leave it to me—I'll handle it.
Put me through to the guy in Kansas.
Who is it? Where are they from?
It says “U.S. Air Force.”
What are you looking at?
Did you check the source?
Is it a fake? Or is it AI?
According to the classifier. it's different.
- “Fragments of Truth”
Is it real?
Nicole  Show Kansas City
- Wait.  I need to check something.
We don't have time.
Stop the broadcast
No way. It's Rebecca. after all.
Forget the procedure.
Another station will snatch it right away.
- Give her a warning
- Is that true?
Hurry up
Turn off the teleprompter
Check out the preview.
Let's move on to another topic.
It just arrived
Combine
- What?
- Because of what she said in Kansas
Send
Got it. Did you hear that?
We will now interrupt our coverage to
We'll be broadcasting live from Kansas City
KCXE is receiving the signal and is currently broadcasting.
Archival materials
Photos and videos that were previously classified
have been
The government had been covering it up
While waiting for authentication
- Kit. are you watching?
- Of course!
EchoStar 12  Transponder 10
Pick up KU digital
- What are you going to do?
- I'm going to provide it.
KCXE in Kansas City
This is Kit from NBC New York.
Stop it—this is an NBC exclusive!
It's different now
Put the logo on it
No
Send a clean feed
CNN  Here's the kit
Stop the ABC broadcast
Here's the kit  NBC New York
BBC  Here's the kit
Here's today's breaking news
Source 35
To Echo Star 12
Transponder 10
Break the antenna. Cut it off.
That's footage from the U.S. Navy. isn't it…
The World is Shocked by the U.S. Military's Release of Evidence
Channel Paris
Evidence of Extraterrestrial Life
Watching this video
At the same time as you
This video looks like a military archive.
This is footage from
Roswell. New Mexico
Since 1947.  rumors have never ceased
This is the site believed to be the crash site
It is said to have happened on July 8. 1947
Roswell. July 7. Roll 18
July 7. 1947
It's
hard to describe this video
I don't know
I'm sorry
I don't know how to put it
Please allow me to show you this video.
Is this an official government release?
Or is it an unofficial revelation?
It is unclear whether this is something completely different.
Is this a live broadcast?
Are viewers watching. too?
If it's the video you're watching. then  we can too
We're watching the same video
I hear this footage is part of a massive archive.
That is
It is unclear whether this has been officially announced.
Source 34  Send
As you can see
It's not over yet
1965   Kexburg. Pennsylvania
It looks like this is the scene of the incident.
There are soldiers at another crash site.
He...
It looks as though
civilians are directing the operation
Oh my gosh—I’m just stunned.
Let me be clear
This is not a live broadcast.
Previously classified as confidential
The video has been released.
Starting one hour ago
The international crisis had already
reached an unprecedented level
However. here we find ourselves
facing a situation beyond our wildest imagination.
We are now
I am witnessing the unveiling of
a library that has been kept secret for many years.
Posing the fundamental question of
what is happening in the universe.
And it prompts us to reexamine
the essence and place of humanity.
I'm sorry
Send No. 38
We promise to provide only
verifiable information.
It is clear that this
has gone beyond the realm of mere suspicion.
The world has changed fundamentally.
Please watch this video
and follow us
You are not alone.
Please listen.